Allow device to configure conversion to numpy and use of `pure_callback` (#6788)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * Devices can now configure whether or not the data is converted to numpy and `jax.pure_callback`
>   is used by the new `ExecutionConfig.convert_to_numpy` property. Finite shot executions
>   on `default.qubit` can now be jitted end-to-end, even with parameter shift.
>   [(#6788)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6788)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Devices can now configure whether or not the data is converted to numpy enabling `jax.pure_callback` to be used by the new `ExecutionConfig.convert_to_numpy` property. Finite shot executions on `default.qubit` can now be jitted end-to-end leading to performance improvements, even with parameter shift.
  [(#6788)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/6788)

```

Author: I think the new option sounds a little confusing to me.  What was the problem with the original note? I'll see if I can find a better way to phrase it. Maybe just leave out the reference to `jax.pure_callback`?

Reviewer 2: For this improvement, I recommend swapping the sentences around. We should always assume a reader is less likely to keep reading -- what is the first thing we want them to takeaway?

In this case, the first sentence should likely speak to what the user-facing improvement is (and how a user can do it, if relevant), followed by the actual implementation change.

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

* Finite shot and parameter-shift executions on `default.qubit` can now
  be natively jitted end-to-end, leading to performance improvements.
  Devices can now configure whether or not ML framework data is sent to them

>   via a `ExecutionConfig.convert_to_numpy` parameter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  via an `ExecutionConfig.convert_to_numpy` parameter.
```
